In this course project we encourage you to develop your own set of methods 
for learning and classifying. You may form a team of up to two members and 
use various datasets from UCI and the ones in the class for practice.

We will test your program on the dataset provided for the project. This is 
a simulated dataset of single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) genotype data 
containing 29623 SNPs (total features). Amongst all SNPs are 15 causal 
ones which means they and neighboring ones discriminate between case and 
controls while remainder are noise.

In the training are 4000 cases and 4000 controls. Your task is to predict 
the labels of 2000 test individuals whose true labels are known only to 
the instructor and TA. 

Both datasets and labels are immediately following the link for this
project file. The training dataset is called traindata.gz (in gzipped
format), training labels are in trueclass, and test dataset is called
testdata.gz (also in gzipped format).

You may use cross-validation to evaluate the accuracy of your method and for 
parameter estimation. The winner would have the highest accuracy in the test 
set with the fewest number of features.
 
Your project must be in Python. You cannot use numpy or scipy. You may use 
the support vector machine, logistic regression, naive bayes, linear 
regression and dimensionality reduction modules but not the feature 
selection ones. These classes are available by importing the respective 
module. For example to use svm we do  

from sklearn import svm

You may also make system calls to external C programs for classification
such as svmlight, liblinear, fest, and bmrm.

Your program would take as input the training dataset, the 
trueclass label file for training points, and the test dataset. 
The output would be a prediction of the labels of the test dataset in the 
same format as in the class assignments. Also output the total number of 
features and the feature column numbers that were used for final predicton. 
If all features were used just say "ALL" instead of listing all column 
numbers.

The score of your output is measured by accuracy/(#number of features). 
In order to qualify for full points you would need to achieve an accuracy
of at least 63%.

Submit your assignment by copying it into the directory
/afs/cad/courses/ccs/f18/cs/675/001/<ucid>.
For example if your ucid is abc12 then copy your Perl or Python
script into /afs/cad/courses/ccs/f18/cs/675/001/abc12.

Submit a file containing your predicted labels and another file containing your 
features. 

Your completed programs are due on midnight Dec 5th 2018. 